Story Recapped here.
Today I'm going to show you a science fiction
action film called Voyagers.
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care In the year 2063,
science discovers a habitable planet that
is suitable for human life and colonization.
The voyage to that planet will take 86 years
in total.
For this venture, a scouting mission will
lead the trip to save the deteriorating situation
on Earth.
The crew has to reproduce during the journey,
and their grandchildren will be the ones to
reach the planet.
For this purpose, 30 qualified crew members
must be chosen.
They are bred from the genome of intelligent
people.
They are exclusively educated to cope with
multiple challenges they could encounter in
their journey at a young age.
They grow up to be children trained in complete
isolation so they won't miss the Earth during
their lonely mission.
Richard, a scientist in charge of monitoring
their progress, is one of the few adults these
children see.
Whenever he visits them, the children are
thrilled.
In the learning centre, he checks on their
progress and looks for new skills that they
develop.
He decides to accompany them on the flight
with no return to protect them and ensure
their safety.
It is more self-sacrifice on his end, but
he is willing to permanently leave Earth for
this mission.
This also bids them more time to arrive at
the planet sooner.
The rocket finally leaves Earth; Richard and
the children transfer to the main ship, which
will be their home forever.
Richard takes a last look on Earth and accepts
that he will never see it again, and taking
care of the children is his new reality.
Ten years after their descent, the children
are now teenagers who continue to attend classes
and go about their daily routines.
They are all assigned tasks that are in line
with their nature of interest.
Some are doctors, engineers, chemists, and
so on.
However, all of them act and move docilely.
In their lives, the same things happen every
day.
Richard still monitors and takes care of them
after all these years.
To the crew members, he is their father figure,
and they always abide by his rules.
He counsels them in one-on-one sessions to
ask how they are regularly.
Without knowledge of what the outside world
looks like, Richard shares his experiences
with them.
Inside the ship, plants and food resources
are kept and maintained.
Seeds and plants are secured in airtight compartments
to prevent them from being bad and reach the
target planet, where they can plant.
This keeps them healthy even though they are
far away from nature.One day, the botanist
Christopher discovers a problem in their irrigation
system; the computer detects toxin in their
water.
He brings up the concern to Richard's attention
and sees that the toxin's source is in their
urine, which means that they are drinking
or eating something that causes this.
Richard says that it's only the filter, and
he should not worry about anything else.
However, he knows exactly the source.
Christopher is unconvinced and investigates
further.
Christopher and Zac, his best friend, discovers
that the blue drink everyone takes after meals
contain an unknown chemical substance.
He secretly uses the computer and learns that
the chemical substance is a drug that keeps
their personality dull and suppresses their
sensual drive.
This
explains how everyone lacks energy and emotions.
Both of them realize that the board is drugging
them.
Without a clue on what to do with the knowledge
they have gained, they keep it to themselves
at first.The following day, Christopher and
Zac do not drink their daily doses of the
blue liquid.
Their defiance gives them a new sense of satisfaction.
They share this information with two other
crew members and reveal the location of the
secret compartment in the ship.
During Christopher's counselling with Richard,
he asks about the secret compartment; Richard
explains that the chamber is reserved for
the third generation on board.
Christopher has second thoughts about the
blue drink, but eventually, he realizes that
it's better to keep it to himself and his
peers.
In his office, Richard informs the mission
control board on Earth that the children are
starting to lose trust in him and that he
wants to reveal the truth about everything,
but the answer will take over two months because
of the distance.
As the crew members line up for their daily
routine and check-ups, Christopher starts
to feel attracted to Sela; he begins to notice
her physical features vividly and even tries
to hold her hand.
However, Sela turns to him, and he stops looking.
Zac feels the same way about Sela.
He approaches her and says that she looks
completely different.
Zac even grabs her shoulder to get her attention.
However, Sela is clueless and does not feel
anything because she still drinks the blue
liquid.
Christopher notices their interaction and
starts feeling a sense of rivalry with his
best friend.
During their physical exercises, only Christopher
and Zac seem active.
The rest of the crew members remain dull.
They both wrestle playfully and seem to have
a hard time controlling their emotions.
Their peers find it weird and highly unusual.
In a private room, Edward, the expert on the
ship's mechanisms, alarms Christopher and
Zac that sounds are coming from outside the
ship.
The three of them discuss it, but they fail
to arrive at a conclusion.
Conspiracies about an extraterrestrial being
are shared among the crew members.
In the next room, Richard shows Sela some
natural herbs and let her experience the scent
of these.
Although the few scents are constrained in
tiny bottles, she appreciates it very much.
Unknowingly, Zac watches Richard put his hand
on Sela's shoulder, which arouses jealousy.
He says how unfair it is that Richard can
touch her while he can't.
Christopher gets worried about Zac's demeanour.
Moments after, Richard gathers and informs
the crew that a malfunction in their communication
system happened.
He assigns Zac to fix the exterior of the
ship with him.
While preparing, Sela explains the safety
gear to Zac; he then touches her body and
holds her unpleasantly.
Richard tries to stop him, but he runs away.
One of the crew members, Phoebe, reveals to
Richard that Zac has stopped drinking the
blue liquid, causing his unpredictable behaviour.
Worry fills
Richard's face because he knows the consequences
if the crew members stop drinking the blue
liquid—chaos.
He then approaches Christopher to ask if he
has stopped drinking it as well.
Christopher answers honestly and says that
it is unfair to sacrifice their lives and
feelings for the board's mission.
Kai, a fellow crew member, is in charge of
the control room to monitor the ship's outer
layer and other activities.
Zac enters and also observes the operation
from the screen.
Instead of Zac, Christopher is the one who
goes with Richard outside the ship to carry
out the maintenance because of the incident
with Sela.
After knowing that Christopher is the one
accompanying Richard, Zac gets annoyed.
Christopher is amazed to see the stars in
the galaxy and admires its beauty.
They continue to do repairs while the rest
of the crew observe from the inside.
They notice an eerie and unfamiliar sound
but see nothing; eventually, the power inside
the ship blacks out.
Not long after that, Richard falls unconscious
for an unknown reason after a black and shadow-like
force passes by him.
He is unable to move, and the rope tied to
the ship prevents him from floating away.
Christopher comes to rescue him.
In the ship, they switch to emergency power
while putting off the fire that the blackout
causes.
Richard's face and upper body are covered
with burn wounds.
They try to revive him, but he is unresponsive.
Finally, the medical team announces his time
of death.
Everyone grieves and are taken by shock because
of his sudden passing.
They have a meeting to discuss what could
have killed him; only Edward responds by saying
that a black force was the reason.
Some of them think that an extraterrestrial
life form caused Richard's death.
After the incident, the surveillance records
were destroyed, leaving them clueless about
what happened.
They receive a message from the program that
they should choose a new chief officer.
Zac volunteers to take over the position,
but the other crew members suggest appointing
Sela, but she declines.
Eventually, they decide to have an election.
After casting votes to nominate a leader,
Christopher wins as the new chief officer.
Zac looks underwhelmed and obviously jealous.
But still, he congratulates his best friend.
Christopher orders the crew to repair the
damage caused by the fire for everything to
be slightly back to normal.
The crew members willingly abide as he supervises
their progress.
Sela looks at Richard's belongings for the
last time before getting rid of them, as instructed
by the manuals.
She also shows Christopher pictures of the
late Richard from his childhood.
They continue to watch his past videos and
remember moments with him.
Instead of working on the ship's damage that
night, Zac explains that the refrigerators
caught a short circuit.
He then suggests that they have a party to
celebrate having a new chief officer.
All of them gather in the dining area to have
a feast.
After, the crew members head to the drinking
station to have a dose of the blue drink.
Kai, one of Zac's close friends, stops the
group and informs them that they should not
drink it, according to Zac, as it is a medication
to control them.
The members oblige and throw away the drink.
While Christopher and Sela become closer,
Zac finds a love interest of his own—Julie.
The previously orderly life on the ship increasingly
falls into
chaos as they continue exploring more human
feelings and emotions.
Zac's jealousy grows as he realizes that Christopher
and Sela become closer.
The eerie noises appear, and while they figure
out where it comes from, Kai and another crew
member, Peter, fight over Julie because of
jealousy.
The fight ends right away after Peter ran
off, but he attacks Kai with a metal tool
in the dining room.
Christopher controls the situation but punches
Peter out of impulse.
Everyone is shocked; Christopher walks out
after saying that everyone should calm down.
He starts a meeting about the uncontrollable
situation lately.
Christopher's authority fails, and finally,
Zac usurps power.
He manages to persuade some members to choose
him as the leader and follow him.
Most of the crew members believe that there
is an alien inside the ship that got in unknowingly.
Christopher and some others investigate the
control room where surveillance records belong.,
they found nothing.
When Zac and Kai investigate, they are apparently
attacked by something and flee, with further
archive data destroyed.
When asked by the crew members what the alien
looks like, they claim that it was dark and
they couldn't see anything.
But Sela believes that they staged the attack
so that they could destroy the records.
They find footage from the monitoring centre
that shows how Zac killed Richard using an
electrical surge outside while manipulating
and distracting Kai.
He just stirred up the fear of the alleged
alien for his purposes to secure the group's
allegiance.
Meanwhile, Christopher and Sela's relationship
develops and gets to the next level as they
become intimate with each other.
That time, they sleep beside each other for
the first time.
They hear a knock on their door; Zac and Kai
invite them over for a celebration, which
they accept.
Again, Zac claims leadership and sets new
rules for everyone to follow.
Christopher shows the footage of Zac's betrayal
to the crew members to prove his evil intentions.
They instantly regret their decision to follow
him.
Consumed with guilt and shame, Zac finds a
way out of the unwanted attention.
He then reveals that his goal was to protect
the group since the alien possessed Richard
and apparently had transferred over to another
member.
They push each other to implicate that the
alien could possess anyone among them.
This creates instant chaos because of miscommunication.
Kai backs his claim and manages to direct
the group's hatred toward Peter, who has been
noticed in the past few days for his aggressiveness.
Zac persuades his followers to chase Peter.
They oblige as Peter finds his way to safety,
but the members get to him.
They take turns throwing hits on Peter, eventually
beating him to death.
Everyone comes to their sense and regret the
fact that they were mean to Peter.
Zac instructs his followers to grab any object
that resembles a weapon so they are ready
for a fight.
Christopher and his group discussion on how
to deal with the situation.
Sela reminds Christopher about the secret
compartment.
He tries to open it to source weapons, but
access is denied.
Two of Zac's members hear Christopher from
the inside, so they inform their leader.
Christopher manages to get useful objects
for defence from the lab, but the group realizes
that he tried to access the secret room.
With enough manpower, Zac's group manages
to access the weapons.
They take what they need to start a form of
defiance in the ship.
Two of Christopher's group members, Alex and
Anda, join forces with Zac as they lose faith
in Christopher's leadership.
Zac welcomes them.
Now armed and in total control, Zac's group
shuts power.
They track Christopher, Sela, and Phoebe and
take them hostage.
A brawl begins, but the three of them are
outnumbered.Sela attempts to get in Zac's
head by saying that she loves him, but it
is ineffective.
Phoebe tries to persuade them to get their
acts straight to carry out their mission successfully
but gets shot by Kai in the process.
Although Kai did it, Zac claims that he did
it to look powerful.
Zac tries to shoot Christopher, but he and
Sela manage to run.
They both hide in a small compartment where
they preserve plants in the ship to take refuge.
The members try to spot which section they
are in.
Zac shoots the compartment, but they both
leave unharmed through another hallway.
Kai attacks them while they hide, but they
fight and kill him inside the lab by injecting
something on his neck and hitting him on the
head.
Zac chases them, so they decide to hide in
the airlock, put on spacesuits for safety,
and open the outer bulkhead.
Zac shoots the inner door, making him vulnerable
to the pressure.
He is sucked by the pressure but holds onto
Sela to save himself.
He stabs her with a knife, but Christopher
rescues her.
They both fight by the door, but Zac pushes
Christopher out.
Zac's body starts to change in colour because
of the lack of oxygen levels in space.
Successfully, Sela kicks him out.
She cannot decide whether to close the door
or not; luckily, Christopher survives and
safely gets back to the ship.
After Zac's death, Sela and Christopher gather
the group together to put their weapons down.
Sela is appointed as the new chief officer.
From now on, the crew members want to renounce
the inhibiting drug and agree on voting for
decisions together.
Everything comes back in order as Sela takes
the lead.
All of them age and start to reproduce.
More children run around and take over the
ship as days go by.
86 years after their descent, the ship finally
reaches the target planet.